[codex] remove drip and user tiers (#11928)
pollinations/pollinations: enter.pollinations.ai/AGENTS.md

---

## 🎫 Tier State

> User tiers and hourly Pollen drip are removed. Do not use the D1 tier column as runtime product state or manually upgrade users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User tiers and hourly Pollen drip have been removed. Do not use the D1 tier column as runtime product state or manually upgrade users.
```
